Go: fasthttp (#14123)
github/codeql: go/ql/lib/change-notes/2023-18-09--add-support-for-fasthttp-framework.md

> lgtm,codescanning
> * Support for the [Fasthttp framework](https://github.com/valyala/fasthttp/) has been added.

Reviewer: The format for the change notes is different (see below). Additionally, the double dash in the filename is not required and the date format is YYYY-MM-DD while you seem to have used YYYY-DD-MM.

```suggestion
---
category: minorAnalysis
---
* Support for the [Fasthttp framework](https://github.com/valyala/fasthttp/) has been added.
```
